---
title: "About Us"
bg: black  #defined in _config.yml, can use html color like '#0fbfcf'
color: white   #text color
fa-icon: group
---

## The Chefs and Cooks

Mary Kastman and her cook pals from all around the city are executing this
event.  Mary moved to Boston in 2011 from the great state of Wisconsin (Go Pack,
Go!) and jumped right into eastern Mediterranean cuisine at Cambridge
Oleana restaurant. For three years she worked closely with Ana Sortun, Cassie
Piuma and Cara Chigazola learning the nuances of spice and the middle eastern
pantry. Currently, Mary continues to work with Piuma at Sarma enriching her
knowledge of eastern Mediterranean food. Most days you can find her in the heart
of the action at Sarma's Mezze bar.

Liz Barwick, a fellow Wisconsin native, also spends her time at Sarma. You can
find her most nights rocking pans on the sauté station.

Lindsey Barcebal is from Gorham, Maine. She moved to Boston in 2004 to study
Communication and Studio Art at Boston College. Upon graduating, she dedicated a
year of service to AmeriCorps City Year Boston where she worked closely with
inner-city children. Having a strong interest in food, Lindsey attended Le
Cordon Bleu in Cambridge in 2010. She has worked at Ten Tables Cambridge and is
currently cooking at Oleana.

### Pastry Mavens!

Emily Klug of Sarma will be providing our Pop Up with her delicious bread---z'attar dusted flatbread and anise seed bread with figs!

Maura Kilpatrick of Sofra bakery has some killer dessert plans for Pop Up, Do Good! Think buttery, flaky baklava and Turkish delight truffles!

Meg Thompson of Townsman will be collaborating with Maura on some special cookie swag that our guests will receive as an extra special thank you for supporting the cause.

For more information, email [Mary Kastman](mailto:mary@popupdogood.com)
